we have to keep going they have to get
them out of you know did you think there
would be no danger you want me to leave
my baby
she's my baby too
to the greatest country in the world to
America remember sorry first step
never the first word she'll be here
what was should be like smile folks look
at the camera I'm Your Mother I want you
to call me mama she's growing up it's
natural you're just a child I Charles
you are you don't even know who I am
do you know what your father and I had
to go yeah I know you you walk 20
kilometres and you climbed under barbed
wire right yeah I know you don't know
anything
duh do you remember when I came to
America and you made that promise and
you're older you still want to go a lot
you a ticket I need to keep your promise
done
oh yeah
Budapest is such a beautiful place why
didn't mom hate it so much
it's funny but all these years I felt
like I didn't belong anywhere what do I
do
you know